Remove LARP from website & update costs (#54)
esrg-knights/kotkt-website: kotkt.nl/content/_index.en.md

At the Knights there are also fans of Life Action Roleplaying, more commonly known as LARP. A Larp is similar to tabletop roleplaying, where instead one describes to do actions, one actually uses the entire body to simulate the event happening.

> Our association aids in making and expanding LARP costumes. Every 1st Sunday of the month the Brass Scissors order is present where members can go to for aid in where one can buy the best material, as well as working and sowing the materials together to form your LARP costume.

Reviewer: It's unclear for externals who/what is the Brass Scissors, this may be read as an external organisation.
```suggestion
Our association aids in making and expanding LARP costumes. Every 1st Sunday of the month members gather for the Brass Scissors day where members can go to for aid in where one can buy the best material, as well as working and sowing the materials together to form your LARP costume.
```

If you are convinced that you want to become a member, you can fill in a registration form on-site. However, to become a member you need to be a student in Eindhoven. Are you studying outside of Eindhoven? Please contact the board at bestuur@kotkt.nl as they need to make an exception.

> Membership is €30,- for the entire year or €15,- when you join after the start of the 2nd semester of the TU/e

Reviewer: 👍
